[Docs] Add Link to External Bundles (#14988)
pimcore/pimcore: doc/02_MVC/02_Template/02_Template_Extensions/README.md

| `pimcore_document_page_snippet`        | Checks if object is instanceof Document\PageSnippet                 |
| `pimcore_document_snippet`             | Checks if object is instanceof Document\Snippet                     |

> The following tests are only available if the [PimcoreWebToPrintBundle](https://github.com/pimcore/web-to-print-bundle) is enabled and installed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following tests are only available if the [PimcoreWebToPrintBundle](https://pimcore.com/docs/platform/Web_To_Print/) is enabled and installed:
```

| Test                      | Description                                                                      |
|---------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `pimcore_document_print`               | Checks if object is instanceof PrintAbstract               |
| `pimcore_document_print_container`     | Checks if object is instanceof Printcontainer              |
| `pimcore_document_print_page`          | Checks if object is instanceof Printpage                   |

> The following tests are only available if the [PimcoreNewsletterBundle](https://github.com/pimcore/newsletter-bundle) is enabled and installed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following tests are only available if the [PimcoreNewsletterBundle](https://pimcore.com/docs/platform/Newsletter/) is enabled and installed:
```
